README.md, before:

![alt text](https://imgur.com/Q7woLqp.png)

## Digital Coalition Air Force Official Livery Pack

 ## 1. Download/Install: https://github.com/sedenion/OpenModMan/releases/download/0.9.4/OpenModMan_0-9-4-x64_setup.exe
 ## 2. Download Livery Updater tool: https://github.com/DCAFOC/Livery-Updater/releases/tag/1.0.0
 ## 3. Before running the Livery Updater tool, follow these steps to setup Open Mod Manager (Recommend running as admin if you're having issues with the below):
 
After installing OpenModManager, run it and go File > New > Context
(This is where the Context profile will save, this doesn't have to be anywhere specific).
  
![alt text](https://imgur.com/ZitQ4uV.png)

### After, click Next > This is where you'll select the destination folder 

### (Where you installed DCS)

Also create a custom libery folder (Where we'll tell the Livery Updater tool to install/update the Livery repo).

I used my old OVGME Mods folder for simplicity, make sure you've uninstalled any old versions of the liveries (Run repair DCS in windows start if you didn't use a mod manager).

### Click Finish

![alt text](https://imgur.com/ZM5n53a.png)

Finally once you've completed the download from running the Livery Updater tool, you'll see the folder appear in Open Mod Manager, just install it. 

![alt text](https://imgur.com/j3QApiM.png)

## AND THAT'S IT!!!

Commit message:

File Structure change to Saved games. Updates to No.20SQN/323 and Readme
ZD464 (Corrected Kestrel to face forward on tail)

ZD474 (Added Illustrations next to name)

J-201 (Joris's pinup)

README.md, after:

![alt text](https://imgur.com/Q7woLqp.png)

## Digital Coalition Air Force Official Livery Pack

 ## 1. Download/Install: https://github.com/sedenion/OpenModMan/releases/download/0.9.4/OpenModMan_0-9-4-x64_setup.exe
 ## 2. Download Livery Updater tool (Livery-Updater.zip): https://github.com/DCAFOC/Livery-Updater/releases/
 ## 3. Before running the Livery Updater tool, follow these steps to setup Open Mod Manager (Recommend running as admin if you're having issues with the below):
 
After installing OpenModManager, run it and go File > New > Context
(This is where the Context profile will save, this doesn't have to be anywhere specific).
  
![alt text](https://imgur.com/ZitQ4uV.png)

### After, click Next > This is where you'll select the destination folder 

### (YOUR SAVED GAMES DCS FOLDER exp. C:\Users\{User}\Saved Games\DCS.openbeta)

Also create a custom libery folder (Where we'll tell the Livery Updater tool to install/update the Livery repository).

I used my old OVGME Mods folder for simplicity, make sure you've uninstalled any old versions of the liveries (Run repair DCS in windows start if you didn't use a mod manager).

### Click Finish

![alt text](https://imgur.com/pBzTxb7.png)

### Run DCAF_Livery_Updater.exe (Windows may not let you run the first time so click More Info, and run anyway. If you have an antivirus, it's recommended you disable temporary to avoid deletion of the exe and being moved to quarantine)

Finally, once you've completed the download from running the Livery Updater tool, you'll see the folder appear in Open Mod Manager, just install it and it will begin moving the files to your destination folder you setup earlier. 

![alt text](https://imgur.com/j3QApiM.png)

## AND THAT'S IT!!!

## HOW TO UPDATE YOUR LIVERIES

Very simply. uninstall your liveries using the Open Mod Manager (If you don't see the DCAF-Liveries folder, go File > Recent contexts) > run the DCAF_Livery_Updater.exe > hit '2' to update an existing install > If your folder is in the same location you told it originally, just enter 'y' > Once it's completed the update > install the updated folder using Open Mod Manager AND THAT'S IT!!!
